feat: update getting started guides (#5755)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/core/_index.md

```

### Query using the Python Client

We have a Python library available to interact with the database. We recommend installing the required packages in a Python virtual environment for your specific project. You can learn more about the full Python client installation and development process [here](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/clustered/query-data/execute-queries/client-libraries/python/).

To get started, install the `influxdb3-python` package.

```
pip install influxdb3-python
```

From here, you can connect to your database with the client library using just the **host** and **database name:**

```py
from influxdb_client_3 import InfluxDBClient3

client = InfluxDBClient3(
    host='http://127.0.0.1:8181',
    database='servers'
)
```

Here are more examples of using the Python client to query the database.

```py
from influxdb_client_3 import InfluxDBClient3

client = InfluxDBClient3(
    host='http://127.0.0.1:8181',

    database='servers'
)

# Execute the query and return an Arrow table
table = client.query(
    query="SELECT * FROM cpu LIMIT 10",
    language="sql"
)

print("\n#### View Schema information\n")
print(table.schema)

> print("\n#### Use PyArrow to read the specified columns\n")
> print(table.column('temp'))
> print(table.select(['room', 'temp']))
> print(table.select(['time', 'room', 'temp']))
> 
> print("\n#### Use PyArrow compute functions to aggregate data\n")
> print(table.group_by('hum').aggregate([]))
> print(table.group_by('room').aggregate([('temp', 'mean')]))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print("\n#### Use PyArrow to read the specified columns\n")
print(table.column('usage_active'))
print(table.select(['host', 'usage_active']))
print(table.select(['time', 'host', 'usage_active']))

print("\n#### Use PyArrow compute functions to aggregate data\n")
print(table.group_by('host').aggregate([]))
print(table.group_by('cpu').aggregate([('time_system', 'mean')]))
```

Replace `'home` example columns with `cpu` columns.

  -d, --database <DATABASE_NAME> The database to run the query against          
      --token <AUTH_TOKEN>       The token for authentication   
  -t, --table <TABLE>            The table for which the cache is being deleted
  -n, --cache-name <CACHE_NAME>  The name of the cache being deleted
      --help                     Print help information
```

## Distinct Values Cache

Similar to the Last Values Cache, the database can cache in RAM the distinct values for a single column in a table or a heirarchy of columns. This is useful for fast metadata lookups, which can return in under 30 milliseoncds. Many of the options are similar to the last value cache. See the CLI output for more information:

```
influxdb3 create distinct_cache -h
```

## **Python Plugins and the Processing Engine**
{{% note %}}
As of this writing, the Processing Engine is only supported in Docker environments.<br/>
We expect it to launch in non-Docker environments soon. We're still in very active development creating the API and developer experience so things will break and change fast. Join our <a href=https://discord.com/invite/eMnhxPyj>Discord</a> to ask questions and give feedback.
{{% /note %}}

> InfluxDB3 has an embedded Python VM for running code inside the database. Currently, we only support plugins that get triggered on WAL file flushes, but more will be coming soon. Specifically, plugins will be able to be triggered by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB 3 has an embedded Python VM for running code inside the database. Currently, we only support plugins that get triggered on WAL file flushes, but more will be coming soon. Specifically, plugins will be able to be triggered by:
```
